The last operation in this particular section is going to be checking the tool correctness metrics of
different parameters.
This is something which I end up digging in this particular library a bit as well.
So what I really mean about that is that go copy this and put a mark down here.
And I'm going to say digging into tool correction metrics.
And this one as you can see over here you can use this tool correction metrics in a even more better
fashion, which is going to be you can just say probably like a tool metrics is equal to tool correction
metrics.
And in this tool correction metrics we just go to this particular class file a bit.
You will notice that there are many different parameters that you can pass in.
Like these are the required parameters like these.
And you can also pass a lot of details as well like the threshold evaluation parameters include reasons
strict mode verbose exact match should consider ordering.
So consider your two.
Your agent is going to call multiple different tools in a different order, or maybe in a sequence of
order, and you wanted to measure the tools order as well.
You can do it over here.
I mean, at the moment in our test case, we don't have like multiple tools being called for one single
query.
But if you have a if you have a situation where you also need to check for the queries, you can also
do that in in multiple different orders as well.
You remember, uh, in our earlier sections of this course, while I was showing you with the agent,
you can ask two questions, uh, together, for instance, you can ask what is the sum of two and four?
And did Donald Trump won 2024 presidential election?
Then these two questions are going to be executing two chain calls.
One is the Wikipedia and also another one is the ad numbers.
So if you're going to verify these two are going to be called in a sequence of order.
Or maybe they are called together as well.
If you're going to verify in these kind of fashion you can do that.
So all these metrics you can evaluate using this tool collection metrics.
So in order to show you what are the things that you can pass over here.
You can pass a threshold, let's say 0.5.
I mean, the one is the threshold in our case.
So I can just say it should be always one.
You can do that.
And you can pass the evaluation parameters over here.
And the parameters is nothing but the the LM test case I think there is an there is something called
as LM test case, uh, of uh test case parameters.
So you can pass the params.
And over here you can pass the input.
So that is going to verify the input parameter.
And similarly you can just say uh actual output.
You can verify that.
And then you can also verify uh the expected output and expected tools.
So you can verify all of these in the evaluation parameter like how we have got all these informations
in our data already.
Right.
These things you can verify it as well which is pretty cool.
And you can also verify should include a reason true and should exact match, which is true because
it should be exactly matching.
The tool name should consider order.
Probably not, because at the moment we don't really have any of these sequence or ordering, but I'm
just going to say true because we just have only one tool at the moment and you can say strict mode
as true as well if you wanted to.
There is one bug if you try to include the verbose mode.
I tried doing that like true, it just fails abruptly.
I will show you in a minute.
But these are the things that you can pass this tool metrics and this tool metric.
You can pass it over here.
So basically instead of creating the tool collection something like this, you can just say tool metrics
dot measure.
So this will measure every single things for you.
So you get the score you get the reason.
Um guess what I can just say score.
Uh and reason and I can also print probably print uh metrics dot uh include reason and I can also print
uh metrics dot expected tools, and I can also print a metrics dot evaluation parameters.
So I can put all these over here for my reporting purpose, so that I can see that everything works
as expected or not as well.
Look at that.
It's just going to show me every single things over there.
So you see that this is this is the power guys like we have got like all of these information coming
up for us over here.
Like it is going to have the name like the parsing result.
All the expected tools are coming up.
And the true is for this, uh, is for the reason which is true.
And then this is the tool being called uh, which is the include reason.
And then we have got all this information.
So expected tools for some reason is not coming up over there.
But we have got the information.
So but so yeah this is how you can see everything.
You can print it out.
As I told you, if you just give verbose mode as true for some reason it just gives me it runs in a
loop and then it fails abruptly.
Look at that.
It just keeps on running like that.
And at the at the end it just fails, saying that the maximum recursion depth exceeded and then it fails.
So that's the reason why I don't want to show you the verbose mode as true there.
But other than that, everything looks quite right.
It just works fine.
And this is how you can see the results are all coming up for you.
So yeah, these are the things that we can actually do it from our tool correction metrics.
We can pass multiple different parameters and we can get the response out.
As I told you, the only bummer of this entire thing is that we can't we can't run the evaluate method,
like how we did in our last section, which can run on the open AI and get the deep values result and
get into the into the metrics in the dashboard, the confident AI, those things are still not supported.
So you can't see something like these kind of fancy metrics, but at least you got the idea.
You got the response coming up over here.
This is how we can validate our agent calling the correct tool.
And it gets the responses like how we are looking for.
That's it guys.
Once again thank you so much for purchasing this course.
And you guys have a great day.